Your words 'I love you'
Your words 'I take care of you'
Those words really
encourage me
My lover lover
A pleasant time
I feel happy when I see you
(Dreaming my Dreams)
When can I be as happy as I'm now?
While we're together
While we're far away
Taking care of each other
My love
So warmhearted
Like a brother sometimes
(like a friend)
Like a real man sometimes
(like a little brother)
I understand you
and I love you
I will always love you
I won't change my heart
Our precious time
From this moment forever
You look at me only
Then I look at you
Just like now,
we'll always be together
I need you
oh no oh
If I just watch you,
I could fall in your smile
You're the most
special one in the world
My lover lover
My heart's getting bigger
I wanna give everything
(Dreaming my Dreams)
How can I say more
Even we're together
I wanna see you more
Nothing can comepare with
(My Love)
My cute love
Sometimes it's hard
(when you're hurt)
Don't let go of my hand
(hold you tight)
I want you to be
happy just like now
I will always love you
I won't change my heart
Our precious time
From this moment forever
You look at me only
Then I look at you
Just like now,
we'll always be together
Our life had been so different
but we've met
And we take care of each other
It could be challenging
But let's think together
Let's try together
My love only for you
My heart wants to
give you everything
It won't change forever
I promise
Forever..
I'll always be..
Just like this,
Just like now
we'll always be together
I need you
oh no oh